README.rst, before:

A Community Dashboard for the Open Knowledge Foundation. See wiki for details of project:
http://wiki.okfn.org/Community_Dashboard.


Directory Structure
===================

The repository has this layout::

    -- okfn-dashboard
     `-- app: webapp
       `-- js: JavaScript files, often exported by scripts
       `-- css: style sheets
       `-- img: image files
     `-- scripts: scripts to extract data from various sources
     `-- cache: cache directory for data during processing
     `-- data: houses permanent stored (bulk) data
     

For Developers
==============

Backend and Data Harvesting
---------------------------

Setup
~~~~~

If you intend to run python scripts for storing and harvesting data you will
need to:

1. Install python, plus setuptools, pip and virtualenv
2. Install other requirements::

    virtualenv {path-to-your-virtualenv}
    pip -E {your-virtualenv} install --requirement=pip-requirements.txt

3. Install and run a local copy of webstore::

    git clone git@github.com:okfn/webstore
    [follow the instructions inside webstore/README.rst]

4. Copy and paste dashboard.cfg.tmpl to dashboard.cfg and set relevant config
   variables. If you have not modified the webstore configuration, it should 
   work out-of-the-box.

Harvesting
~~~~~~~~~~

Harvesting script is::

  scripts/gather.py

To see command options do::

  python scripts/gather.py -h


Frontend App
------------

To test e.g. the members map locally you need to allow the browser access to
local (json) files. This is fine by default in FF and IE but in Chrome you
need to pass the following option::

  --allow-file-access-from-files


TODO
----

2011-04-22 p:members Conversion from csv dump of members to json is not
handling wrapped lines (in descriptions) correctly.

2011-04-22 p:members cannot see more than one marker if 2 or more markers
in exact same long/lat (as happens frequently because we have imprecise 
initial locations).

2011-04-25 p:members 
Replaced Google Maps with OpenStreetMap by using OpenLayers.
OKFN logo used as a marker for the members positions.
Problem of overlapping data with the same coordinates solved 
by using the clustering function of OpenLayers:
click on the icon and this show the list of 
members in that place (this depends on the zoom level).
Possible fix: change the icon size in relation to the number of users

Commit message:

[readme][s]: instructions re harvesting members / people info.

README.rst, after:

A Community Dashboard for the Open Knowledge Foundation. See wiki for details of project:
http://wiki.okfn.org/Community_Dashboard.


Directory Structure
===================

The repository has this layout::

    -- okfn-dashboard
     `-- app: webapp
       `-- js: JavaScript files, often exported by scripts
       `-- css: style sheets
       `-- img: image files
     `-- scripts: scripts to extract data from various sources
     `-- cache: cache directory for data during processing
     `-- data: houses permanent stored (bulk) data
     

For Developers
==============

Frontend App
------------

In your browser visit::

  app/index.html


Backend and Data Harvesting
---------------------------

Setup
~~~~~

If you intend to run python scripts for storing and harvesting data you will
need to:

1. Install python, plus setuptools, pip and virtualenv
2. Install other requirements::

    virtualenv {path-to-your-virtualenv}
    pip -E {your-virtualenv} install --requirement=pip-requirements.txt

3. Install and run a local copy of webstore::

    git clone git@github.com:okfn/webstore
    [follow the instructions inside webstore/README.rst]

4. Copy and paste dashboard.cfg.tmpl to dashboard.cfg and set relevant config
   variables. If you have not modified the webstore configuration, it should 
   work out-of-the-box.

Harvesting
~~~~~~~~~~

Harvesting script is::

  scripts/gather.py

To see command options do::

  python scripts/gather.py -h

The list of people is pulled separately out of the okfn.org buddypress db. A
csv is extracted and posted online at: http://okfn.org/dashboard/cache/okfn_members.csv

You then need to pull it down and have it locally at data/members.csv. Then run::

  python scripts/members.py -h

And follow the instructions.


TODO
----

2011-04-22 p:members Conversion from csv dump of members to json is not
handling wrapped lines (in descriptions) correctly.

2011-04-22 p:members cannot see more than one marker if 2 or more markers
in exact same long/lat (as happens frequently because we have imprecise 
initial locations).

2011-04-25 p:members 
Replaced Google Maps with OpenStreetMap by using OpenLayers.
OKFN logo used as a marker for the members positions.
Problem of overlapping data with the same coordinates solved 
by using the clustering function of OpenLayers:
click on the icon and this show the list of 
members in that place (this depends on the zoom level).
Possible fix: change the icon size in relation to the number of users
